These are some of the coolest redstone
contraptions I've ever seen, and the
creator is so underrated. They're
designed by Tasty, who keeps using
insanely niche mechanics to build such
cool stuff. First, you may have seen a
ton of videos of people designing
Redstone fans a few months ago. But this
design is super simple and looks amazing
because if you get a happy gas on a lead
and stretch it really far, the happy gas
starts spinning and looks like a fan
blade. But even cooler than that, Tasty
also designed water particle cannons
that can look so good in any water
themed build. They work because when a
minecart touches water, it splashes
water in the direction it's moving. And
the more minecarts you stack, the bigger
the splash gets, letting you spray
people with water. But coolest of all,
they just designed the most oreful doors
in Minecraft. Normal redstone doors can
look pretty cool, but these doors have
smooth animations. They work by having a
bunch of boats led to one boat that's
far away. So when you open the door, the
main boat moves and all the other boats
follow. They aren't perfect, though,
because you can force your way through
and mobs can get stuck in them.